[sc-165634] Remove outdated documentation about repoName use for monorepos (#259)
launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs: docs/RELEASING.md

## Versioning
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org). Release version tags should be in the form `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`, with no leading v. When releasing, be sure to update the version number in [`version.go`](https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs/blob/main/internal/version/version.go), and in the [CircleCI orb](https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs/blob/main/build/package/circleci/orb.yml).

## GitHub Releases

> This project uses [goreleaser](https://goreleaser.com/) to generate GitHub releases. Releases are automated via CircleCI. To generate a new release, simply tag the commit you want to release and push the tag. If the tag ends in -rc(.+), the github release will be marked as "Pre-release." If you'd like to see how release notes are generated, see the .circleci/config.yml publish job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses [goreleaser](https://goreleaser.com/) to generate GitHub releases. Releases are automated via CircleCI. To generate a new release, tag the commit you want to release and push the tag. If the tag ends in -rc(.+), the github release will be marked as "Pre-release." If you'd like to see how release notes are generated, see the .circleci/config.yml publish job.
```

## Beta builds

> To push a beta build, set the `PRERELEASE=true` environment variable before running a release task. e.g. `make publish-all TAG=1.0.0-beta1`. Note: to publish a beta circle ci orb, run `make publish-dev-circle-orb TAG=$VERSION`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push a beta build, set the `PRERELEASE=true` environment variable before running a release task, for example, `make publish-all TAG=1.0.0-beta1`. To publish a beta CircleCI orb, run `make publish-dev-circle-orb TAG=$VERSION`.
```
